[SDK-3028] Add advanced used cases for Swift (#5057)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/advanced_use_cases/fine_network_traffic_control.md

{% tabs %}
{% tab swift %}

```swift
AppDelegate.braze?.requestImmediateDataFlush()
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab OBJECTIVE-C %}

```objc
[AppDelegate.braze requestImmediateDataFlush];
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Manual request processing

***`RequestPolicy` enum value: `manual`***

This protocol is the same as automatic request processing except:
- Custom attributes and custom event data are not automatically flushed to the server throughout the user session.
- Braze will still perform automatic network requests for internal features, such as requesting in-app messages, Liquid templating in in-app messages, geofences, and location tracking. For more details, see the `Braze.Configuration.Api.RequestPolicy.manual` [documentation][4]. When these internal requests are made, locally stored custom attributes and custom event data may be flushed to the Braze server, depending on the request type.

Data can be manually flushed to Braze's servers at any time using the following method:

{% tabs %}
{% tab swift %}

```swift
AppDelegate.braze?.requestImmediateDataFlush()
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab OBJECTIVE-C %}

```objc

> [AppDelegate.braze requestImmediateDataFlush];

Reviewer: Looks like this code snippet is described twice. Any way we can condense it?

```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
## Setting the request processing policy

### Set request policy on startup

> These policies can be set at app startup time when you initialize the Braze configuration. In the `configuration` object, set the [`Braze.Configuration.Api.RequestPolicy`][3] as shown in the following code snippet:

Reviewer 2: nit: The URL links to the subcategory `automatic` instead of the `RequestPolicy` type itself
```suggestion
These policies can be set at app startup time when you initialize the Braze configuration. In the `configuration` object, set the [`Braze.Configuration.Api.RequestPolicy`][https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/api-swift.class/requestpolicy-swift.enum] as shown in the following code snippet:
```

{% tab OBJECTIVE-C %}

```objc
[AppDelegate.braze requestImmediateDataFlush];
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Manual request processing

***`RequestPolicy` enum value: `manual`***

- This protocol is the same as automatic request processing except:
    - Custom attributes and custom event data are not automatically flushed to the server throughout the user session.
- Braze will still perform automatic network requests for internal features, such as requesting in-app messages, Liquid templating in in-app messages, Geofences, and location tracking. For more details, see the `Braze.Configuration.Api.RequestPolicy.manual` [documentation][4]. When these internal requests are made, locally stored custom attributes and custom event data may be flushed to the Braze server, depending on the request type.

Data can be manually flushed to Braze's servers at any time using the following method:

{% tabs %}
{% tab swift %}

```swift
AppDelegate.braze?.requestImmediateDataFlush()
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab OBJECTIVE-C %}

```objc
[AppDelegate.braze requestImmediateDataFlush];
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
## Setting the request processing policy

### Set request policy on startup

> These policies can be set at app startup time from the [`startWithApiKey:inApplication:withLaunchOptions:withAppboyOptions`][3] method. In the `configuration` object, set the `Braze.Configuration.Api.RequestPolicy` as shown in the following code snippet:

Reviewer: Looks like this method is from AppboyKit - 
```suggestion
These policies can be set at app startup time when you initialize the Braze configuration. In the `configuration` object, set the `Braze.Configuration.Api.RequestPolicy` as shown in the following code snippet:
```

Reviewer: We'll probably need to remove the URL. Maybe we could replace it with a link to [`RequestPolicy`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/api-swift.class/requestpolicy-swift.enum) instead and assign it to the value mentioned above

{% tabs %}
{% tab swift %}

```swift
configuration.api.requestPolicy = .automatic
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab OBJECTIVE-C %}

```objc

> configuration.api.requestPolicy = .automatic;

Reviewer: Objective-C doesn't have the `.` shorthand syntax the same way Swift does. Because of this, we have to explicitly declare the enum type like so:
```suggestion
configuration.api.requestPolicy = BRZRequestPolicyAutomatic;
```
